Inmoment Destination updates (#2011)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/wootric-by-inmoment/index.md

### Mobile

> 1. For mobile implementations additional settings are required. Navigate to your InMoment Settings > API to add in your "Client ID" to the respective part of the Segment Settings UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mobile implementations require additional settings. 

Navigate to your **InMoment Settings > API** to add your **Client ID** to the respective part of the Segment Settings UI.
```
